hello everyone today i will be
explaining a movie name the unborn in
which a young woman casey fights the
spirit that is slowly taking possession
of her please hit the like button if you
enjoy the video comment down and tell us
how you like this video and subscribe to
the channel for more videos like this at
the beginning of the movie we see a girl
named casey who just jogging in the
morning when sees an evil child with
bright blue eyes on the way then he sees
a strange looking dog she goes after
that dog and sees a mask lying in the
woods as she picks up that mask there
she sees someone's face and suddenly
that face opens his eyes seeing which
she gets scared and only then she wakes
up it means she was having a dream she
is a bit relaxed but these types of
dreams are very often casey used to
babysit her neighbor's four-year son
maddie once she hears his sounds from
matty's room and when she goes there to
check she sees that he is showing his
infant sibling its reflection in a
mirror as casey goes to him maddie
attacks casey smashing the mirror on her
head and tells her jumpy wants to be
born now she puts him to bed and leaves
in shock in the next scene we see casey
with her friends romy is her best friend
and mark is her boyfriend casey tells
all the things that are happening to her
but no one believes her words but romy
tells her of superstition that newborn
should not see their reflections in the
mirror for at least a year because
otherwise they will die soon the next
day we see casey comes after taking a
bath where romy notices casey's eyes her
eyes were changing colors she tells this
to casey and asks her to meet the doctor
after this casey and mark visit a doctor
the doctor takes some pictures of
casey's eyes and does some tests on her
and asked her to come back after a few
days to collect the report that same
night casey and mark make out at casey's
house after this casey goes to the
bathroom to wash her face during which
she hears some sound from the mirror
cabinet as soon as casey opens it she
sees maddie inside it and he is sitting
in a small place twisting himself casey
gets very scared seeing this and she
screams after hearing her mark comes
there and casey tells him everything but
when mark checks there's no one there
after this we see that when casey goes
to get her report the doctor asked if
she's a twin and explains the change is
tetragometic chimerism and heterochromia
and then it is completely normal hearing
this she gets upset and goes to her
father and know about this and asked him
about the twins casey's father admits
that she had a twin brother years ago
who died while he was in the womb when
her umbilical cord strangled him and
whom he and casey's late mother janet
had nicknamed jumpy and this chubby is
the one man he was talking about after
this casey learns that maddie's infant
brother dies supporting the superstition
she goes home and sees her mom's photos
and videos where she comes to know about
a lady with her mom who now lives in an
old age home casey goes to meet her with
her friend romy that lady's name is
sophie casey meets sophie and tells her
about herself but she doesn't talk much
to them and asks them to leave now this
makes casey even more upset because she
is not getting the answers to her
questions to freshen the mood casey goes
to a club with her friends but even
there she starts seeing maddie which
upsets her
after this she goes to the washroom
where she sees the spirit of her mother
who wanted to say something to her but
she could not understand anything then a
lot of insects start coming out of a
hole there which finds her a lot she
tries to open the washroom door but it
does not open after this she starts
screaming very loudly and hearing her
voice her friends come inside but
everything was normal there and they see
that casey is very scared after this
casey is sleeping in her room but when
her eyes open she sees that she is
hanging upside down on the ceiling and
sleeping on the bed at the same seeing
this she gets very nervous and sees
maddie lying next to her and tearing her
stomach with his hands then casey wakes
up and she was dreaming just then casey
gets a call from sophie who tells her to
come to her as soon as possible
now casey goes to her at the same time
where sophie reveals to her that she is
her grandmother
sophie explains that as a child she had
a twin brother barno who died during
nazi experiments conducted by dr joseph
medjo in auschwitz during world war ii a
dybbuk a malevolent wandering spirit
that enters and possesses the body of a
living person until exercise brought the
brother back to life to use as a portal
into the world of the living sophie
killed her twin to stop the spirit and
now it haunts her family for revenge
which is why casey's mother became
insane and committed suicide casey asked
her why he has come after so much time
to which sophie tells her that it takes
a lot of time and strength to come from
the world to this world due to which he
is weak and can be killed sophie gives
casey a hamster amulet for protection
instructs her to destroy all mirrors and
burn the shards and refers her to rabbi
joseph sendak who can perform a jewish
exorcism to remove the dybbuk out of her
soul she also gives her an exorcism book
which casey takes to sandak but he does
not believe her words we then see that
maddie gets into an accident with romy's
car but doesn't get a single scratch
romy gets quite surprised to see this
after this maddie warns romy that she
should stop helping casey or else she
too will be killed romy gets scared
after hearing this and leaves from there
to tell casey and she tells her
everything
now in the night sophie hears some
strange sounds and when she goes to
check she sees that an old man is moving
towards her with his neck twisted then
suddenly maddie comes behind sophie and
kills her after this we see sandec
reading the book when he also hears some
sound and when he goes to check he sees
a dog with an upturned head and is
convinced that whatever casey was saying
was true on the other hand maddie
reaches romy's house and kills her too
casey and her boyfriend mark both see
the spirit after it kills romy and
realizes that it's getting stronger next
we see sand egg mark and casey who
decide to perform exorcism together with
arthur an episcopal priest now the same
night they all with other volunteers go
for exorcism and start the exorcism with
casey lying in the middle but after some
time debba comes there and attacks all
of them due to which several people get
injured and several die after this
spirit passes priest arthur and he
attacks casey and mark but marks a minox
priest now that soul passes mark and now
he attacks casey but she stabs mark on
his neck with her amulet just then
sandorak comes there and he and casey
complete the exorcism the right draws
the dybbuk out of the human world but
mark falls and dies during the
separation casey mourns her boyfriend
but wonders why the dybbuk suddenly
became active in her life now and why it
didn't attack her earlier she takes a
pregnancy test and learns that she is
pregnant with mark's twins the movie
ends here thank you for watching please
do not forget to like comment and
subscribe
[Music]
you